Add Visual Editor Docs (#248)
directus/docs: content/guides/2.content/8.visual-editor/2.studio-module.md

---
title: Studio Module
description: Learn how to edit your website's content in place from within the Directus Studio.
---

> The Visual Editor module enables content editors to render their website within the Directus Studio, navigate around within the site, and make edits to content in place just by hover and clicking on editable elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Visual Editor module enables content editors to render their website within the Directus Studio, navigate around within the site, and make edits to content in place.
```

![An image of the Visual Editor with the drawer open on a page and an input being edited in a drawer]()

## Configure Visual Editor URLs

> Navigate to Settings -> Visual Editor and add the URL of any webpage that you want to be editable within the module. If you have multiple pages that you wish to editable, then add multiple URLs. Entered URLs should match this format: `http://your-website-url`

Reviewer: To be clear, the URLs provided are the entry points from which you can navigate through the entire website. In most of the cases it is the base URL of your website, like https://www.example.com. YOU DO NOT NEED TO SPECIFY EVERY PAGE OF A WEBSITE TO MAKE IT EDITABLE!

```suggestion
Navigate to Settings -> Visual Editor and add the URL of your website that you want to visually edit within the Visual Editor module. If you have multiple websites that you wish to edit, then add multiple URLs.
```

![An image of the Visual Editor section of the Directus settings page with one URL entered]()

::callout{icon="material-symbols:info"}
**Configure Your Website**  

> In order to work with Directus, your website's frontend must first be configured using our publicly available [Frontend Package](/guides/content/visual-editor/frontend-package).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to work with Directus, your website must first be configured using our publicly available [Website Library](/guides/content/visual-editor/frontend-package).
```

::

::callout{icon="material-symbols:warning-rounded" color="amber"}
**Configure Content Security Policy**  

> Your website will not be able to speak to your Directus instance if you do not set `CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY_DIRECTIVES__FRAME_SRC="<your-website-url"` within your instances env.<br><br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your website will not be able to speak to your Directus instance if you do not set `CONTENT_SECURITY_POLICY_DIRECTIVES__FRAME_SRC="<your-website-base-url>"` within your instances env.<br>
```
